In the beginning of my code, you have a board with integers and empty arrays.
The arrays are a list of the possible numbers that could go in each empty tile.
First, you run insertposs() which inserts the numbers 1-9 into each empty array in the board.
Then, you run row(), column() and box().

These functions check each row, column, and box (accordingly) and removes what numbers are
already present in the row, column, or box. For example, if row 1 of the board contained
an 8,7, and 2 at first, 8,7 and 2 will be removed from the possibility list of each empty
tile, because you know that there will not be another 8 7 or 2 in the same row. 

Then, I have the function reduceposs() which will update the possibility lists for empty tiles
each time a new number is inserted. For example, if a 3 is inserted in a tile, the number 3
must be removed from the possibility list of each empty tile that is in the same 
row, column, and box as the updated tile. 

For solving, there is rowanswer(), colanswer(), and boxanswer(). If a number is only possible
in one tile for that row, you know that is the currect tile for the number. Then that number
is inserted into the tile and the possiblity lists for all empty tiles in the same row, column,
and box as the updated tile is updated. For example, in one row, only one empty tile contains
the 1 in the possiblity list, it means 1 cannot go in any other empty tile of the same row.
So you're sure that 1 will go in that tile, and so 1 is inserted and the possiblity list of 
every empty tile that's in the same row, column, and box as that tile is updated. 

Rowupdate(), colupdate(), and boxupdate() are the functions I use to update the possiblity lists
when the correct answer for a tile has been found. If the number that was just inserted is in the
possiblity list for any row, column, or box the tile is in, that number is removed.

Updatesingle() is a function that will insert the number when there is only 1 number in a 
possibility list. For example, if the possibility list of a certain empty tile only contains
the number 2, you know that the number 2 has to go in that tile. And so the empty tile's
possibility lists are updated for each row, column, and box that the tile is in. 

The function checkdone() checks every item in the 2d board array. It will return False if
there are still empty tiles in the board, aka not every item in the board is an integer.
If every item in the board is an integer, you know the board is completed and it returns
True.

Answer() is the function that is continuously looped until the board is complete, which is
when checkdone() returns True. 